a draw option for packs after x time
after a draw or biters getting stuck (wondering) or they wonder after reaching spawn make them turn in to biter nests or die as option
support for other modded biter nest types and limiting the very nasty new biters they add
option for worms to spawn rather than biters
have tunneling effect damage nearby buildings and destroy land mines on that spot
option to spawn in groups rather than individually. "Biters per location", positive numbers is roughly how many biters per spawn location before another is added, negative numbers is a fixed number of locations the biters are devided between.
if spawning in groups use unit groups to command in this case and keep units in valid groups...
add formula support for biter spawn radius
Groups targeted at specific players shouldn't target spawn if no valid targets. Look to do a random offset and delay any future packs for the group. Also check players are valid targets prior to incomming stage doing anything.
at start of incoming stage if processedPackSize is 0 then skip this pack and schedule the next one.
add remote interfaces to the commands for future use



add optional text on the add biter command that is shown in the GUI when the command is run.
Check settings value loading at game start have their errors shown in game chat and not just in the log, as game not running when they fire.



JD streaming:
0 min: 1st follow - timer starts (@4 mins) and 1 followers biters added
1 min: 2nd follow - timer restarts (new 3-5min timer allowing more time for someone to click follow) and 2nd followers biter added
2 min: 3rd follow - timer restarts (new 3-5min timer as above) and 3rd followers biter added
5-7 mins timer runs out so: 3 follower's biters (||5x10||) attack group starts its tunnelling around JD
6:10 mins sec: they rise up and target JD
6:40 mins: JD kills all biters, woop

followers to biters will be a mod setting: proposed setting is: math.floor( (x + (x * (x/4) ) ) * 10 )
command to add followers to the current group's waiting pack.
command to reset the random timer.

Look in to twitch coin usage events in twitch and streamlabs events. Need adding to integration as new event type to match against in config.